css(fix): mention forward animations keep new staking context (#35056)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/animation-fill-mode/index.md

    | `alternate-reverse`   | even                        | `100%` or `to`            |
    | `alternate-reverse`   | odd                         | `0%` or `from`            |

>     The properties that had been animated keep on having [`will-change`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/will-change) status. If new stacking context was created during the animation, then the target element keeps on having the staking context after the animation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Animated properties behave as if included in a set [`will-change`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/will-change) property value. If a new stacking context was created during the animation, the target element retains the stacking context after the animation has finished.
```
